# mosa-hackathon-AutoCode

Auto Coder is a project that I thought of and am creating by myself. It was born of seeing the IDE Eclipse provide auto-generated code such as setters, getters, etc. Many java projects may end having similar code because of similar algorithms used. The aim of AutoCoder is to simply create files and write up classes with functions and algorithms that the user may want to include. Some of the possible choices of functions are different sorting algorithms and file reading/writing functions. The user will also be able to add instance variables. The program will run with a Java Swing GUI, where the user will be able to fill in the dynamic form to create the class file that is wanted. 
I believe this project address two main needs. One is that it is a step closer to code automation. Obviously this is not the most sophisticated program with flashy machine learning heuristics, but at the end of the day, it is creating code for you. The second impact it has is on education. There are a lot of people that learn how to program by themselves. I myself learned the brunt of my knowledge in the years between my undergraduate education and my current Masters education. It is useful having a program that will create a class correctly to compare against your own code. 

I can see two possible downside of the program at face values: thoughts on plagiarism and the possibility of people not fully learning the algorithms it provides. Though it may seem like people can just use the code I had provided, but I do not think it strays fully into the realm of plagiarism, as the auto-generated code snippets are simply my own writing of known algorithms. It does not directly steal anyone's real intellectual property. For the second point, it could be posited that if someone becomes dependent on such code they will not be able to write it themselves. This is entirely valid, but all of the functions provided are just helper functions. There would be very little you can do by just combining them without some other central code to guide them.

==========================================================================================================================================

Run the AutoCodeGUI.java file to start the program
